# Recieved and organized VR inserts

Most of the VR insert sequences arrived in the mail today so I spent some time
resuspending those and organizing data associated with them.

## Resuspension

Resuspended all inserts in TE buffer provided by Megan (thanks!) so
all inserts have a final concentration of 50 ng/ul of DNA. Then
placed all inserts into a new box labeled `VR fragments` and placed
onto my shelf in the kitchen freezer.

## VR insert data management

### Cataloging

I created [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_Acjxxr_wcgo72ovyZml5Bgda3XjoYGzPz-5cVT0Xo8/edit?usp=sharing) 
which catalogues each insert that has arrived,
it's total mass, and lot number.

### Quality control data

Thermo also provided a CD (???) of quality control data for each insert
that arrived. I transferred that data to [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1simpSe7-85Vjd4zzpQkHUAsRsigMAkMd?usp=sharing) but have not spent
much time reviewing it.

### PCR

Ran PCR with `VR-7` and `VR-8`. `VR-7` is a fragment while `VR-8`
is in a vector. In theory should work either way. Details of
protocol reagents and primers are [at this sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C9dQ5NALOPIBd9vnqTwMcuQwFouvtItC6r6D7yj8_8g/edit?usp=sharing). Used pFC8tac protocol as it should be suitable with these primers.

```
|95°C|95°C               |    |tmf:66.0
|____|_____          72°C|72°C|tmr:69.5
|5min|30s  \ 61.3°C _____|____|45s/kb
|    |      \______/ 0:30|5min|GC 55%
|    |       30s         |    |319bp
```

#### Results


Did not have time to run out on gel; will do tomorrow. For now
just nanodrop both samples results are below.

| Sample | ng/ul | 260/280 | 260/230 | Sample volume (ul) |
| ------ | ----- | ------- | ------- | ------------------ |
| VR-7   | 114.6 | 0.902   | 0.221   | 25                 |
| VR-8   | 211.5 | 0.876   | 0.213   | 25                 |

Looks like primers are working and that we can amplify
small amounts of each insert in order to produce more
if need be. Gel will give more complete picture.
