## Gibson assembly transformtions

Picked up plates set up from [yesterday's](49_10-6-21.md) transformations to find
disappointment. Very few colonies grew with some colonies having no successful
transformations.

### Colony counts

| Sample | Colonies |
|--------|----------|
| 16     | 1        |
| 17     | 0        |
| 20     | 0        |
| 21     | 3        |
| 23     | 5        |
| 25     | 3        |
| 27     | 0        |
| 31     | 0        |

At least the control is negative. Not great growth overall though. I did
have to use regular LB instead of recovery medium but I'm not sure that
would be the main factor here. It did not seem to matter which backbone was
used in the Gibson assembly reactions. Saved some master mix from yesterday. Could
also be that cells were not great in this round. Gibson assembly reactions were
basically the same as what I did previously with VR 8, 12, 15 and got colonies
for all of those samples.

At 2:30 PM I used sterile pipette tips to transfer colonies to individual glass
tubes containing 3 ul of LB + 100 ug / ml AMP and placed onto shaker in 37C hotroom
at 200 rpm to grow overnight. I plated colonies from samples VR 12, 15, 16, 25, 23 and 21.

## Transformations of electro-competent cells

Since it could be possible that cells used in last transformation were bad
transforming into electro-competent cells following the lab protocol for electro-poration of E. coli and using the Gibson reactions from [10/6/21](49_10-6-21.md). Transformation conditions are below. Only samples that did not successfully transform overnight (17, 20, 27, and 31) were transformed.

- 4 ul Gibson assembly reaction mix per sample
- 20 ul of electro-competent cells instead of 25 ul as is easier to pipette without bubbles using the p20.

After added transformation mix I used pre-set E. coli electroporation protocol
and all samples arced. I then repeated electroporation protocol with new cells
but only using 0.5 ul of Gibson assembly reaction per sample. This time only VR-31
arced. I transferred the successfully shocked samples to 500 ul LB in 14 ml falcon tubes and places in 37C room for 1/2 to recover. I then redid electroporation with
new VR-31 sample using 40 ul H20 and 0.5 ul Gibson reaction. Electroporation was
successful this time. I then followed same recovery protocol as other samples. All samples transferer / handled under flame with filter tips.

After recovery of all samples plated VR 17, 20, 27 and 31 using 2 samples per plate
with either 150 or 200 ul of transformed media. Placed all samples in the hot room
to incubate overnight at 37C.
