# Test for possible nuclease activity in RNAse A enzyme stock

Follow up to [6-1-21](6-1-21.md) test using plasmids pFC11 and pFC44. Also
noted that running pretty low on stock of pFC14 and 17. Need to make
more soon.

## Protocol

Plasmid concentrations table.

| Plasmid |  DNA Concentration (ng / ul) |
| ------- |   -------------------------- |
| pFC11   |             1080             |
| pFC44   |             1165             |

DNA master mix reciepe.

|  Plasmid |     H20 (ul)   |    DNA (ul)    |    Total Volume (ul)  |
| -----    |  ---------     | -------------- |  -------------------- |
| pFC11    |    88.34       |      1.66      |           90          |
| pFC44    |    88.46       |      1.54      |           90          |

Stock RNase A (1mg/ml) was diluted 1:100.

Master mixes described above were prepared and then seperated into 8
alloquotes per sample. 8 samples were divided into 4 increasingly
long durations of incubation at 37C for 15, 30, 60 and 120 minutes.
Samples were added to the thermocycler in reverse order by duration
of incubation (120 mins first) and 4 ul of RNAse A was addded to treated
samples while 4 ul npH20 was added to controls immediatly before placing
samples into the thermocycler. 

After all samples completed incubation I had to give a presentation in
one of my classes and so there was a delay of about 1hr between the last
sample finishing incubation and actually running samples on agarose
gel.

Samples ran on 0.7% agarose gel for 45 mins at 90 V in TAE with 12 ul
of EtBr in both agarose mix and running buffer.

## Results


Some time dependent effect is occuring but it is observable after
15 mins and then samples look very similar. The weird part is that
control samples are also being effected. This is indicating some
other DNA degredation process is occuring that is independent of
RNaseA activity and it is mainly observed after only 15 mins. 

WTF. Fred offered DNA eating tubes as possible explaination. Everyone
agreed this was probably unlikely but worth testing. Other possibilties
could be effects of H20 (high acidity of npH20) so also will test effects
of using DNase free H20. 

